Bring in the file transactions.xml.
If we run Alteryx, you'll notice
the sales field is a string and
not a number.
We go over to the metadata and
we can see the types here.
If we need to sum the sales field,
it needs to be in a numeric format.
So using the select tool, we'll change
the sales field to a number format,
say, double.
Then we add a summarize tool,
group by order ID,
sum the sales field, and
when we run our Alteryx,
we see the result, but
if we want to find the total sales for
order number 10080,
we need to add a filter tool next.
After adding the filter tool,
we isolate the order ID to 10080,
and let's see what the result is.
So the result is 637, or if you used
a double or decimal, 637.04.
[BLANK_AUDIO]